# 2023 Free Response Question - Q2

Alex Wang

---

As a former professor in the University, a profession often connected with wisdom and education, **Rita Dove was aware that all of her audiences and herself share a common affiliation**. This realization has influenced her choice of method to organize her speech, in which she established an ethos. Furthermore, the specific language and tone she used were care fully adapted to the occasion of commencement, which is considered as a event for the elder and honorable members of the society to give advice to the ones who are about to enter the adult world. However, as a writer, Dove chose to break the normal custom of such occasions by transforming this conventional ceremony into an uncommon guidance to face the capriciousness in adult life, which is composed of personal anecdotes, metaphorical language, and sincere encouragement. Eventually,the pathos was included in order to aim her purpose.

Firstly, she **funnily introduced** the role of a commencement speaker by using informal phrases such as "googled it," which setted up a tone of personal guidance, rather than a constrained formal enlightenment.Subsequently, she taught the students be "hungry," another example for the strategic usage of untraditional expression, which urged the graduates to feel unsatisfied in their future lives. In order to elaborate the meaning of this intellectual hunger, the speaker introduced a set of claims, gradually outlined the ideal image of a one who does not waste time, does not get himself stuck in a biased mind,and always has the honesty and courage to follow his own interest, whose life is foreverly passionable.

After talking about visionary ideals, Dove then laid out clear methods to reach to those goals. Her second wish that "I which you hard work"clarifies the special way to achieve one's ambition: rather than"back-breaking labor," she encouraged students to work hard and prepare creatively, applying the instance of actress Lupita Nyong'o to act as a fundamental support. In order to be pragmatic, she quoted words from flautist James Galway, as an vivid evidence to support her claim that encouraged the listeners to "always be 150% prepared." Her choice for this certain artist reflected her profession also as an artist, thus enhanced the affinity between the quotation and her statement.Additionally, she also linked the development of her career to her advice. She did not avoid to depict her imperfect start as a shy kid in high school, but also stated her consistency of being extremely well-prepared, from being awarded the Pulitzer Prize to reading poetry in front of the president. As a matter of fact, the mention of her personal achievements during this part of the speech also improved their liability in her argument.

Finally, as the commencement was coming to an end, Dove gave her last advice to the listeners - "I wish you uncertainty." This part of claim could be regarded as the expansion of the first part. It compared the shift possibility and the solidity of facts in life to stones in a flowing stream, literarily carried out the majority of changes and opportunities in life. Henceforward, she argued the importance for one to seek for more, rather than stay in a comfort zone: "You cannot wait for revelation to come down upon you in a cloud of gossamer and angelic sighs; more often than not you have to seek it out." At this point, Dove had returned to her first advice for "stay hungry," representing the completeness in the structure of her speech.

Throughout the address, Dove's rhetorical choices were the most suitable for her rhetorical situation. As an authoritative professor, she leveraged her ethos to speak with affection. Her lyrical language fits the intention of her audiences - that was about to graduate from the school - to seek life experience and practical wisdom. She delivered her wishes in a mixture of stories, famous examples and interest-oriented values, constructing an overall ideal image for the graduates. In conclusion, by **sewing together** metaphor, anecdote, and repetition, Rita Dove effectively conveys her wishes for hunger, hard work, and uncertainty, leaving her audience with a resonant call to embrace life's complexities with curiosity, diligence, and courage.

注意拼写：enh**an**ce
vocab: angelic$\Leftrightarrow$天使般的

---

批改：
Overall, this is a strong first attempt at a rhetorical analysis. The main issue with it is that you’ve managed to get a lot of the best elements of a rhetorical analysis, but lost them in a larger summary of the text.  

For FRQ2, your job is to craft a thesis **on 2-3 of the writer’s key rhetorical choices**, and then introduce them **in more detail** in your body paragraphs. As I say, such a thesis can be found in your essay, but it’s lost in **a thick cloud of foggy and unnecessary summarizing**. You actually state your thesis best in your conclusion:

**（不要过度总结原文！）**

“...by sewing together metaphor, anecdote, and repetition, Rita Dove effectively conveys her wishes for hunger, hard work, and uncertainty, leaving her audience with a resonant call to embrace life’s complexities with curiosity, diligence, and courage.”

--- This is an excellently crafted sentence. **THIS should be your thesis in the introduction, followed then by your explanation of those three elements**: metaphor, anecdote, and repetition - one paragraph for each. Instead, you’ve gone through the text paragraph by paragraph, stating all the different things you see. It’s more of a “say what you see” kind of essay.

We’ll talk more about this in our next class.

Thesis (1) 1 point
Evidence & Commentary (4) 2 points
Sophistication (1) 0 points

