# MCQ 12.19

Alex Wang

---

## Part I MCQ (p. 96-100)

### Q1

E

### Q2

A

(The author examines the general misuse of replay technology in all sports)

### Q3

C

### Q4

E

### Q5

C

(The writer uses specific and representative examples to support his argument, rather than evidence that is connected with value-oriented judgment, which actually suits Max Weber's methodological theory in sociology)

### Q6

A

### Q7

E

### Q8

D

### Q9

>"The actual score of the game was: Technicality 1, Common Sense 0."

B

(I don't think option A is correct for it does not capture the authentic irony throughout the article. Although the writer has been playing a neutral observer, and he has never criticize the technology itself, but what he tries to express at the same time is an overturn in the paradigm officiating. Though there is no explicit expression for an "undermining of professional sports," a majority in his given examples shows a reverse of dominance between the user of technology and the "neutral" technology itself. Those examples of "the master-slave dialectic" and "the medium is the message" are the central irony here, instead of the eternal existence of human errors.)

---

## Part II MCQ (101-103)

### Q10

A

(The passage focuses on financial waste in space projects, which cannot be seen in options C to E, whereas B reflects no spare room for the readers to come up with their own opinions.)

### Q11

B

(The audience of the writer is the common tax payers, whose blood money could have been wasted by an idealist government investment and the governmental inefficiency.)

### Q12

A

### Q13

C

---

## Part III FRQ
>"Read the passage on pages 96–98 carefully. Write a paragraph that analyzes the rhetorical choices Gaspar makes to engage his audience and convey his message about the misuses of instant replays."

Through his gradually developed thesis wrapped with calm statements, Gaspar established a neutral perspective in the misuse of instant replays that is based on the non-negligible existence of human errors, which undermines the advantages in the acuteness of this technology. On top of that, his article also outlined a reverse of dominance between the user of technology and the technology itself, providing such an acurate dissection for a change of paradigm in officiating of our epoch.

The objectiveness in Gaspar's tone has been set at the very beginning of his article, where he applied an vivid example in order to connect his reader to the common viewpoint that instant replay is killing the entertainment of sport. By refusing this popular opinion, Gaspar successfully constructed a sense of curiousity for his readers like an armchair detective. As a matter of fact, Gaspar's objective gesture was inviting the readers to stand in his shoes, rather than closing the case in a hurry with the tone of an expert. In this precise way, he was looking forward to a consensus, a connection between himself and every other sport fan. This operation was based on shared ethos, and then developed by logos.

In the next five paragraphs, Gaspar's attitude towards replay is revealed and supported by a neat choice of evidence. His major claim entered the stage immediately: human error is the source of unacceptable decisions, what the technology has done is merely an amplification. To achieve his purpose, the iconic case in Major League Baseball was introduced. It was wise of him to select anecdotal descriptions throughout the passage, not only because of the eye-catching effects in these well-known examples, but also the because they suit his intention to inherit the pre-established tone in the first two paragraphs. Collecting them for his own use suggested that he was also a knowledgeable sports fan just as his audience.

The sports-related examples were displayed in a causal order. While the section of Major League Baseball backed up a neutral realization, it was different for Game 7 of the Western Conference semifinals. Gaspar used this instance to show a whole picture in the misuse of replay, building a causal relation between the two cases, since the ridiculous result in Game 7 was exactly derived by the unforeseen effects of instant replay in human hands. Paragraph 6 reflected a transition in sectional claims, which shifted by a clear logical justification. The example Game 7 itself acted as a turning point, which boosted the development of the thesis, considering that none of the previous sectional claims have directly show the destructive effect caused by the abuse. After describing the concern for dogmatic technicality over the spirit of sport that ought to take place in game 7, Gespar sharply pointed out a deep worry from a sports lover's position for the reversed dominant relationship among referees and technology: "The actual score of the game was: Technicality 1, Common Sense 0."

The last ennumerated case pushed the absurdity in the abuse of technology even further. It has shown the erosion of instant replay from present to past results. At this point, Gespar has boosted his argument at a high peak of irony, profoundly analyzed the nature and reason for this significant event in the downhill of current situation in officiating. On the one hand, referees gave away their judgment to technicality, therefore losing public support; on the other hand, due to the declining credibility, the current paradigm in officiating thus became even more relied on replay with the aim to address grievances.

With such firm chain of evidence, Gespar now came back to his central claim: the negative utility from replay was stemmed from overseeing this technology, as well as the neglect of necessary occurance of human error. Generalized in summary, within all the objective logical demonstrations, Gespar's view actually spoke out a sense of greif in the current development. His argumentation excelled in strictness, but was also empathetic in tone. He not only revised the common opinion on instant replay, but rather invited the readers to conclude his revision together. Under his depiction, the common gesture of overly trusting technology over human decisions in our epoch was at the center. Its first cause was not the neutral technology itself, but the wrong hands of human beings.
