# MCQ - 12.18

Alex Wang

---

## Part 1 MCQs from p. 169-173

### Q1

C

### Q2

C

### Q3

B

### Q4

C

### Q5

D

### Q6

C - A

### Q7

A

---

## Part 2 Writing p. 184

Through her **refined and cogent narration (Thesis)** that does not only possess scientifical rigor, but also combined with an universal concern towards the zeitgeist of relying on technology rather than oneself, Connor wrote us about a less-concerned section of our daily use of technology, diving deep down with an excellent use of a variety of evidence, from personal observations to conclusions in academic researches. Her article warned us about the cognitive regression due to the "overprescribed" GPS technology as a cure for disorientation, and furthermore, the importance for the new generation to navigate in unfamiliar surroundings independently. In the end, Connor suggested a retroaction for everyday orientation tasks, forgoing the convenience of GPS gadgets to acquire spatial knowledge based on one's intuitive connection to physical landscapes.

>不要过多总结原文，要关注写作方法本身

At the very beginning of her passage, the readers were rapidly attached to Connor's exigence of the pervaded reliance on technology. The graphic illustration of a personal observation made one feels familiar, which created the empirical links by two major objects: a car and a GPS navigator. They both outlined contemporary necessities in personal transportation. However, the upcoming paragraph raised doubt. Connor stated her final conclusion quickly, proposed her purpose to warn people of the negative side effects of GPS. She bonded the statement with expert opinions, increasing authority within her judgements, thus expanded her argument fluently. At this point, an obvious shift in means to display evidence has led the readers to understand Connor's line of reasoning, where the previous examplification has turned into the ambivalent but logical association between the convenience of GPS to its effects on people's cognitive abilities.

>**Too Much Summary**

The following paragraphs then applied scientific evidence via exquisite detail to support the overarching claim centripetally. They showed a far wider consideration towards the effects of technology from the initial logical association, therefore empowered her thesis to become more effective. For instance, when she embedded the conclusion from the *Nature Communications* study of 2017, she did not only take advantage of it, but rathr explained its methodology. Her commentary for the function of hippocampus backed up the very findings within that study, which became a indicator to demonstrate the positive result from resisting GPS when encountering real-life way-finding scenarios.

All of the aforementioned displayed evidence were very strict in scientific perspective, for they provide solid indicators for their conclusions; on the other hand, the objectiveness also comes from the courage to admit deficiencies that still remain unknown for now. The rigor in evidence embedding within Connor's article was shown in her strictness when applying the supportive evidence, she claimed that still there were no academic findings on the long effect of the usage of GPS devices on hippocampal function. Nevertheless, it was clear enough for the readers that there were cognitive benefits in using one's own strength for navigation. The remaining question for us was the range of benefitors from such experience.

Connor revealed a structural intention when implanting and developing her purpose. She knew how to employ inductive reasoning when exploring the action scope of her thesis. In order to expand her argument in a diachronic perspective, she accumulated a specific medical discovery on the relation between age and navigational abilities. By borrowing the conclusions and excerpts from a professional neuroscientist, she proposed that reducing reliance on technology would be universally helpful among people of all ages. A focus on the generational saturation in devices reflected Connor's deep concern for the overuse of technology as a whole in our epoch. She suggest that spatial trainings were especially important for the new generation.

>word salad

In the end, with the aim to eventually provide suggestions that are related to everyday life, the writer's choice of rhetorical elements became less objective, but rather personal and philosophical. She asked the readers to reconnect themselves to the real world that could be experienced directly, instead of the cold directions from a GPS software. More importantly, this shift in tone and method of displaying evidence revealed the part of her purpose that spoke towards the future, rather than sticking on pure objectiveness. Apparently, Connor had a larger and deeper consideration for her topic, where both looking to the past and seeking for solutions in the future matter.

---

## Rewrite

In her essay, Connor applied a refined and cogent narration that was wrapped in the maneuver of displaying evidence in order to stress out her purpose. With the aim to show the medical effects of overusing GPS while matching the attention of her readers, her methodology was sharpened and polished, which balanced both the scientific rigor as well as the daily concern.